--------------------------- Include all the codes written for the Master's thesis ----------------------------------

  The first part is about the Aharonov-Bohm caging occuring on a quasi 1-D rhombic chain of interacting bosons in presence of pi-flux per plaquette. I calculated the dispersion relation, the classical dynamic (GP equation with interactions acting as non-linear terms) and the quantum dynamics using exact diagonalization methods (with QuSpin).
The main results are that a destructive interference phenomenon occurs in this lattice geometry freezing the dynamic in the non-linear regime. With quantum fluctuations, a large number of particles tends to freeze also the dynamic for short-time evolution. For non-local interactions, the caging mechanism is detroyed as coupling next-nearest neighbours. 



  The second part is the study of one single squarred plaquette of interacting bosons in presence of a pi-flux. It presents two degenerate ground sates represented by opposite chirality. I calculated analytically the mean-field regime and simulated the quantum one using exact diagonalization. I also highlighted the chirality by adding an impurity in the system and letting it evolve in time. I finally used the plaquette as a building block to create an extended squarred lattice more known as BBH model. I calculated the bogoliubov spectrum of the first excitations and found that there are 2 different modes of propagation : one phononic corresponding to the propagation of the perturbation from one plaquette to another and a gapped mode corresponding to the mode of excitation of the single plaquette. 
